[Docment][Feature] Refactor local parameter docment (#10119)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/parameter/local.md

## Scope

> Local parameters are used only for a single task node. Parameters configured on the task definition page, the scope of this parameter is inside this task only. But if you configure according to [Refer to Parameter Context](context.md), it could pass to downstream tasks.

Reviewer: I think the previous version's description is better. We should keep it as it is.

## Usage

Usage of local parameters is: at the task define page, click the '+' beside the 'Custom Parameters' and fill in the key and value to save.

## Examples

> This example uses local parameters to print the current date. Create a Shell task and write a script with the content 'echo ${dt}'. Click ** custom parameter ** in the configuration bar, and the configuration is as follows:

Reviewer: Do you think this is better? ```This example shows how to use local parameters to print the current date.```

Author: > Do you think this is better? `This example shows how to use local parameters to print the current date.`

Great I will update it.

## Usage

Usage of local parameters is: at the task define page, click the '+' beside the 'Custom Parameters' and fill in the key and value to save.

## Examples

> This example shows how to use local parameters to print the current date. Create a Shell task and write a script with the content 'echo ${dt}'. Click ** custom parameter ** in the configuration bar, and the configuration is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use local parameters to print the current date. Create a Shell task and write a script with the content `echo ${dt}`. Click **custom parameter** in the configuration bar, and the configuration is as follows:
```

![local-parameter01](/img/new_ui/dev/parameter/local_parameter01.png)

Parameters:

> -dt: indicates the parameter name
> -in: IN indicates that local parameters can only be used on the current node, and OUT indicates that local parameters can be transmitted to the downstream
> - DATE: indicates the DATE of the data type
> - $[YYYY-MM-DD] : indicates a built-in parameter derived from a user-defined format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- dt: indicates the parameter name
- in: IN indicates that local parameters can only be used on the current node, and OUT indicates that local parameters can be transmitted to the downstream
- DATE: indicates the DATE of the data type
- $[YYYY-MM-DD] : indicates a built-in parameter derived from a user-defined format
```
